Rules for Game
In the game players are noble families serving the Venetian Republic in 1350.
They win the game by having the most money at the end of the game. 

A player's turn arises when the next token on the timer track is one of theirs.
Whichever fleet the token belongs to has arrived at its destination port.
The player may do the following:
Sell any number of goods from the hold of the fleet.
Buy upgrades for the fleet.
Buy goods for the fleet.
Turn in any number of completed missions.
Decide on the fleet's next destination, at which point their turn ends. The fleet's token
is placed at some point further down the timer track depending on the route decided on by the player.

Any piracy triggered is resolved at this time. 
Any non-coastal traversal is also triggered at this time.

Every 10 timer ticks the Venetian phase takes place.
Firstly, all players have an opportunity to purchase a fleet.
Purchased fleet tokens are placed 5 timer ticks down the track and the player pays some money.
Then proposals for conquests are declared by players, paying some amount of favour to floor the proposal.
Other players may vote with favour. The player with the most favour declared gains the benefits of the 
conquest. The token of that port is flipped to signify Venetian control and the player may place their
family's token at that port to signify ownership.

Two event cards are ever present at the top of the board. The leftmost is the ongoing event,
and the rightmost is the one that will be relevant at the next phase. These events change every 
7 timer ticks. The Republic's influence is spent to resolve the event positively, or left as is.

Missions are bad trades that are present on Mission cards. These form a market that advances every 5 ticks of four cards.
If a card is pushed off the end the Republic's military pool is decreased by 1. Completed missions give the owner a favour
with the Republic to be spent on proposals, and increase the military pool by some amount. 

When a player trades the price of the goods at the time of purchase or sale is used. The price is then increased
or reduced by 1 for every good purchased or sold. At the end of the Venetian phase the prices are updated, with any 
resource not produced by a city seeing its price raised by 2, unless there are those resouces present from sales. Any resource
produced also reduces its price by 1 per resource.

Players can declare a non-port location as a fleets destination. This declares the fleet as pirates. Upon their arrival the
player selects how long they will remain there. Pirates exert a zone of control, any passage through which, triggers combat.
In combat each player roll three d20. On a 20 they steal a resource from the other player. Equipment allows players to 
manipulate the odds in their favour. 